Update to Identity Engine common-download-setup-app file Scope configuration section (#2534)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/oie-embedded-common-download-setup-app/main/index.md

#### Scopes

> The sample app uses the default scopes provided in the SDK, which include `openid`, `profile`, and others. See [OpenID Connect & OAuth 2.0 API](https://developer.okta.com/docs/reference/api/oidc/#scopes) for more information on OIDC scopes associated with access tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sample app uses the default scopes provided in the SDK, which include `openid`, `profile`, and others. See [OpenID Connect & OAuth 2.0 API](m/docs/reference/api/oidc/#scopes) for more information on OIDC scopes associated with access tokens.
```

Author: Nice catch. Thanks.
